So, the importance of this notochord, we see this kind of notochordal wave
that develops,
this neural tube that is completely influenced by my notochord.
In fact, it is quite important to realize that this notochord will
emit,
among other things, what we call systems called sonic S-H,
so with carotene, which are therefore phenomena.
quite important for induction,
among other things with beta-carotene already,
vitamin A will already be integrated with this carotene,
so already very important for the eye,
with retinoic acid, which will be important at that level,
with these large genes that are involved.
Imagine that I have my notochordal axis.
Around it, my neural tube is developing.
Okay? It's developing.
We know that this notochordal axis will give information
by electromagnetic field of position,
like a kind of GPS, to the cells around it
to make proteins react.
This is the cerebral part.
The eyes that will develop there.
There, you are well positioned in this room.
These will be the eyes there, here.
And so I have an axis here, and you, you are placed on another plane, you
will form the foot, but in fact,
compared to the axis here, the information you will receive regarding the median line
will not be the same depending on space and time.
And so, we know that this notochordal axis emits an electric field that
occurs between left and right, and between front and right.
It has been measured. You imagine the axis here, and I am now entering the nodal flow.
So I am in the axis where I have this notochord.
And there, above, there are small cells turning.
You imagine here, there, snow falling.
And I have these cilia turning, all along its axis, at the moment when this notochord is forming, in place,
which is busy bringing all this information, micro-information,
to the left.
And which, there...
which lateralizes the embryo, in fact.
That means there is no symmetry, there is only harmony.
All genetic information is structured in relation to this notochord. You are cells, if you are cells, it means you are molecules, if you are molecules, it means that proteins will be manufactured and released. Well, these are information that comes from your genome, which will release, hey, you, you are in space-time, sonic. space-time, PAX, all these genes that will come out. The wool is placed here, with all these genes that will be there, but what I want to explain to you, is that they are organized, structured, by Manotocort on an initial plan. That means that if Manotocort is well present in its axis but in fact, in space, its function is shifted, the whole system is shifted. understand that we can have a structure that is perfectly straight, but in fact, on an energetic level, its function is there. That means that the notochord is not a structure. It is a function. Do you understand? And that is really important. Because if you take it as a structure, you will be in the structure. But if you understand it as a function, you will have its strengths and its responses. It is the mental image, space.
That means that if Manotocort
is well present in its axis
but in fact, in space,
its function is shifted,
the whole system is shifted.
understand that we can have a structure
that is perfectly straight, but in fact, on an
energetic level, its function is there.
That means that the notochord is not a structure.
It is a function.
Do you understand? And that is really
important. Because if you take it
as a structure,
you will be in the structure.
But if you understand it as a function,
you will have its strengths
and its responses.
It is the mental image, space.
time. This sonic hedgehog will be very important in the organization of the brain
and the eye.